https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukzFI9rgwfU # StatQuest: Machine Learning Fundamentals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aircAruvnKk # 3Blue1Brown: What is a neural network?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I74ymkoNTnw # Supervised Learning Explained Simply
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPfkYu_qiF4 # Unsupervised Learning Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mut_u40Sqz4 # Reinforcement Learning Introduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQQlZhbC5ps # Attention and Transformers Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0pIlLfpXAg # Activation Functions (ReLU, Sigmoid, Tanh)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDv4f4s2SB8 # Gradient Descent, Step-by-Step
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7n9t1cBei8 # Overfitting and Underfitting in ML
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSytzGwwBVw # Cross-Validation Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpW6fm5Z_O8 # Precision, Recall, F1-Score
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8L11aEDmMts # Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jy9-aGAlXq0 # Natural Language Processing (NLP) Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_qvLDhkg00 # Tokenization in NLP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viZrOnJclY0 # Word Embeddings (Word2Vec, GloVe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHZwWFHWa-w # Loss Functions Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmpDIaiMIeA # Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNmqTiOnRfg # Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfnrRPFhkuY # LSTMs (Long Short-Term Memory)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ad79nYk2keg # What is Artificial Intelligence?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSbgixdC9g8 # AI vs Machine Learning vs Deep Learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Drw0Xn4e6vc # Feature Engineering Techniques
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59bMh59JQDo # Bias and Fairness in AI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCc8FmEb1nY # Introduction to PyTorch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjprpOoH5hA # Introduction to TensorFlow
